  ### Contents

  - [2.1.0 Creating a Network Application](#0)
  - [2.1.1 Application Architecture](#1)
    + [Client-Server](#1-1)
    + [Peer-to-Peer](#1-2)
  - [2.1.2 Process Communication](#2)
    + [Sockets](#2-1)
  - [2.1.3 Transport Service that Application Needs](#3)
  - [2.1.4 Transport Protocols for each Application](#4)
  - [2.1.5 App-Layer Protocol Defines...](#5)

  ---

  <a id='0'>

  ## 2.1.0 Creating a Network Application

  ### *Network Application*

  - It runs on different hosts and communicate over network.<br>
  - No need to write software for network core devices, since they do not run user applications.<br>
  - The development and deployment gone faster due to this property.<br>

  <a id='1'>

  ## 2.1.1 Application Architecture

  > What we need to think first before start making network applications.

  <a id='1-1'>

  ### *Client-Server Architecture*

  **Servers always on** and wait for clients' requests.<br>
  - Servers have **permanent IP** address.<br>
  - To scale out, more **data centers** are needed.<br>
    + Scaling up vs. Scaling out  : Scaling up means upgrading performance, and scaling out means increasing # of devices.
      * Throughputs are the same, but scaling up is better than scaling out in the latency side.

  - Clients are *intermittently connected to servers*, and may have *dynamic addresses*.<br>
  - Clients *do not directly communicate each other*.<br>

  <a id='1-2'>

  ### *Pear-to-Pear Architecture*

  - No always on server.<br>
  - Arbitrary hosts directly communicate.<br>
  - Peer on client side send requests to peer on server side, and server side peer provide service to peer on cliend side.<br>
  - ***Self-Scalability*** means new peers bring new service capacity as well as new service demands.<br>
  - **But**, to be work properly, peers must be ***disjointed***. Unless, the bottleneck might occur.

  <a id='2'>

  ## 2.1.2. Process Communication

  > Process : Program loaded on the memory and running within a host

  - Within same host, two processes communicate using *inter-process communcation(IPC)* (defined by OS)
  - Processes in different hosts commmunicate by exchanging ***messages***.
  - Two relative types of Process
    + Client Process  : Process that initiates communication
    + Server Process  : Process that waits to be contacted
      * Applications with P2P architectures have both client and server processes.

  <a id='2-1'>

  ### Sockets



    > Process
